1. It is used to declare local or global scoped variables.
    Ans: var
    
2. It is a lightweight, interpreted programming language that alllows client-side scripting to make dynamic pages and interact with the user.
    Ans: Javascript
    
3. What type of function is responsible for coding a string to make the transfer of the information from one computer to the other, across a network?
    Ans: escape() function
    
4. What is the original name of JavaScript?
    Ans: Livescript
    
5. It is a plain Javascript function passed to some method as an argument or option that is to be executed after another function has finished executing.
    Ans: callback
    
6. In how many ways a Javascript code can be involved in an HTML file?
    Ans: 3
    
7. It is created whenever a variable that is defined outside the current scope is accessed from within some inner scope.
    Ans: Closure
    
8. What type of storage area is similar to local storage the only difference is the data stored gets cleared when  the page session ends?
    Ans: Session Storage
    
9. It is an unary operator that is placed before its single operand.
    Ans: typeof Operator
    
10. What is the meaning of NaN?
    Ans: Not a Number
    
11. Which company developed JavaScript?
    Ans: Netscape
    
12. It is a HTML tag that is used to define a client-side script.
    Ans: <script>
    
13. What year does the JavaScript developed?
    Ans: 1995
    
14. It is used to convert URL into their hex coding.
    Ans: encodeURI()

15. It is a type of Javascript Variable Scope that is visible only within a function where it is defined.
    Ans: Local Variables

16. What keyword is used in Javascript that refers to the object on which method is being invoked?
    Ans: this

17. It is a type of Javascript Variable Scope which can be defined anywhere in your Javascript code.
    Ans: Global Variables

18. It is used to convert the encoded URL back to normal.
    Ans: decodeURI()

19. Who developed the JavaScript?
    Ans: Brendan Eich

20. What type of function is responsible for decoding the coded string?
    Ans: unescape() function